doc/source/installation.rst, before:

===========
Environment
===========

1. Install Etcd>=2.3.x && <3.x (https://github.com/coreos/etcd/releases/tag/v2.3.7)


============
Installation
============

Since there is no stable release yet, the only option is to install the project
from the source.

Development version from the source
-----------------------------------

1. First install http://github.com/tendrl/bridge_common from the source code::

    $ git clone https://github.com/Tendrl/bridge_common.git
    $ cd bridge_common
    $ mkvirtualenv node_agent
    $ pip install .

2. Then install node agent itself::

    $ git clone https://github.com/Tendrl/node_agent.git
    $ cd node_agent
    $ workon node_agent
    $ pip install .

Note that we use virtualenvwrapper_ here to activate ``node_agent`` `python
virtual enviroment`_. This way, we install *node agent* into the same virtual
enviroment which we have created during installation of *bridge common*.

.. _virtualenvwrapper: https://virtualenvwrapper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _`python virtual enviroment`: https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/

3. Add suitable configuration in config file by appending following lines to
   tendrl configfile(/etc/tendrl/tendrl.conf)::
   
   [tendrl_node_agent]
   # Path to log file and log leval
   log_path = /var/log/tendrl/tendrl_node_agent.log
   log_level = DEBUG
   
4. Create log dir::

     $ mkdir /var/log/tendrl
     
5. Run::
     
    $ tendrl-node-agent

Commit message:

dded logging related changes in installation guide
Signed-off-by: Shubhendu <shtripat@redhat.com>

doc/source/installation.rst, after:

===========
Environment
===========

1. Install Etcd>=2.3.x && <3.x (https://github.com/coreos/etcd/releases/tag/v2.3.7)


============
Installation
============

Since there is no stable release yet, the only option is to install the project
from the source.

Development version from the source
-----------------------------------

1. First install http://github.com/tendrl/bridge_common from the source code::

    $ git clone https://github.com/Tendrl/bridge_common.git
    $ cd bridge_common
    $ mkvirtualenv node_agent
    $ pip install .

2. Create bridge_common logging config file::

    $ cp etc/samples/logging.yaml.timedrotation.sample /etc/tendrl/common_logging.yaml

Note that there are other sample config files for logging shipped with the product
and could be utilized for logging differently. For example there are config files
bundeled for syslog and journald logging as well. These could be used similarly as above.

3. Then install node agent itself::

    $ git clone https://github.com/Tendrl/node_agent.git
    $ cd node_agent
    $ workon node_agent
    $ pip install .

Note that we use virtualenvwrapper_ here to activate ``node_agent`` `python
virtual enviroment`_. This way, we install *node agent* into the same virtual
enviroment which we have created during installation of *bridge common*.

.. _virtualenvwrapper: https://virtualenvwrapper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _`python virtual enviroment`: https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/

4. Create config file::

    $ cp etc/tendrl/logging.yaml.timedrotation.sample /etc/tendrl/node_agent_logging.yaml

4. Add suitable configuration in config file by appending following lines to
   tendrl configfile(/etc/tendrl/tendrl.conf)::
   
   [tendrl_node_agent]
   # Path to log file and log leval
   log_cfg_path = /etc/tendrl/node_agent_logging.yaml
   log_level = DEBUG
   
4. Create log dir::

     $ mkdir /var/log/tendrl/common
     $ mkdir /var/log/tendrl/common/node_agent
     
5. Run::
     
    $ tendrl-node-agent
